Introduction/About

INTRODUCTION

Our Story
Inspired by personal stories of the many who the health delivery system in Africa has failed. iWello is a passion project supported by a team of health enthusiasts who want to put a huge dent in the continuous devastating trend caused by the poor health care delivery system in this part of the world.

iWello is a project that is here to make a statement that everyone has a chance of getting access to a healthy life regardless of income class; whether living below $1 or managing with $10 a day.

Our Solution

iWello is a medical tech company with an agenda to provide healthcare services to low income earners in Nigeria. The initiative provides medical consultation and testing from $1 for subscribers and PAYG users. It has a B2C focus which means the communication focus is based on reaching out to consumers and regular people who can benefit from the plan.

REASONS FOR iWELLO
iWello was created for the following reasons:

- To provide healthcare solutions to low income earners who can’t afford the medical expenses.
- The need to provide subsidized payments for medical consultation and treatment.
-  The need to see Nigeria as a healthy society with lesser cases of deaths due to lack of healthcare.
- Increase the welfare of doctors by providing more opportunities for them to do their jobs.
- To reduce the migration of able bodied doctors from the country.
- To provide another healthcare medium for Nigeria.


Features Iwello offers/Services

Below the  $1 Consultation: Getting care from a licensed medical doctor is a big step. iWello helps you get there faster than ever before with our pay as you go below the $1 consultation fee. No more struggling to find the right medical advice when you need it. iWello provides a secure online network of doctors across the country which eases the significant cost barriers that patients now face when seeking care at specialists' offices. As a result, patients are able to get care at less expensive places with better outcomes  than 70% of  companies that offer the same.

Affordable checkup and treatments: Worried about your health or family but scared of the bill? iWello is here for you to provide affordable checkup and treatment for non-emergency illnesses. It's not too late to get a checkup and treatment for a healthier life and you can be rest assured we've got your back all the way.



Emergency Surgery Funding: At iWello, we understand that sometimes life happens and unexpected medical situations might happen that threaten to overwhelm you and your purse. At iWello, we perfectly understand and no matter the income class, we can assure you of getting your medical emergency surgery funded so you can get your life back!

Fake Drug Checker: We are more than consultation and treatment at iWello. At iWello, we make sure to help you know if the drugs you and your loved ones are taking are safe almost instantly with the iWello Free Fake drug checker.




Our Mission

iWello strives to be the global platform that will enable anyone, anywhere starting from less than $1 to instantly find and enjoy access to quality healthcare according to his/her needs while also guaranteeing the welfare of caregivers and doctors. 


Frequently asked questions

What is it about? iWello is a platform that allows users to get access online access to consultation for less than a $1, book affordable checkups and treatments at any hospital or medical facility of their choosing. Also iWello helps in funding surgeries for people and has a fake drug checker and it caters for doctors by paying 70% of every consultation or treatment done.

How to Join? Visit the website https://iwello.org, click on the sign up link and choose whether you want to sign up as a doctor or a patient. To signup as a doctor, you need to be certified and verified to use the platform.

How do I consult doctors? Login in to iwello.org with your details, then you would see a list of doctors or click “speak to a doctor” to view a list of doctors available, the click on the “consult a doctor” under any doctor on the list, state how or what you’re feeling, the doctor will reply and if a video/audio call is required, the doctor will call you.

How to Video Call with your doctor? When you doctor calls you, you will get a notification to answer or reject the call, after accepting the call, you will be redirected to a page for the call and on the page, choose the option to “launch in web” and allow the video access to your camera and microphone, then click “join meeting” and you are in and once you finish with the doctor, click on “go back to chats” or “speak to a doctor” and end consultation.

How to end consultation? After you’ve concluded your consultation with the doctor, and the doctor has ended your consultation, click on “speak to a doctor” and click on the “red button that reads “close consultation to end it. Note if you don’t end your consultation, you cannot book another.

How to access prescriptions and recommendations? Click on the prescription menu to access whatever the doctors prescribed or check the history to see the latest recommendations from your consulting doctor

Why is the enter key on my phone not working on the website? To send a message, click on the “big enter” button on the website to send message

How to fund my wallet? To fund your wallet, go to wallet and click on it, and then enter the amount you want funded and then click on the active payment gateway to process payment. After payment, it redirects to the iWello page to confirm your payment.

How many trials do I have? A new user has 3 trials, after the three trials, Only N300 is needed to book a consultation with a doctor.

Do I need to fund my wallet before consulting? You need to fund your wallet with atl east N300 before getting access to consult with a doctor

How to contact us?/Contact Us

You can email us infor@iwello.org or message us on Facebook and Whatsapp at +2347012188299






